I'm a big believer in love I am a big
believer in marriage I just think if
you're not prepared to acquire the
skills that will make you successful in
marriage then don't get married what are
those skills so the generic having a
huge vision and conquering that vision
well the great news is it's exactly the
same the same thing that makes me being
good at and on as an entrepreneur it
makes me good as a husband and I'm
willing to make that statement knowing
that you could ask my wife usually she
will back it up I promise and only
because I grind it out I work my ass off
right so and I accept the realities of
the human condition and I think that's
one thing that people don't do a lot and
and I get asked to speak a lot about you
know house quest been successful and
every talk I give is some variation of
every problem you're having in your
company is a result of you not
acknowledging some reality of the human
condition right so your employees are
not sinister they're not trying to bring
you down they just don't feel
significant in your business so they are
lurching they're groping in the dark to
find significance and once you
understand that I can provide you
significance meaning you can go on and
do something so communication but but
very specifically understanding where
the other person is coming from so that
you can talk to them in a way that they
can actually hear you yes so my wife and
I define words so I'll give an example
we define the word important if I say
hey this would really mean something to
me if you did that no alarm bells go off
hey I really need you to be there no
alarm bells go off
hey it's important to me that you be
there I'll drop whatever I'm doing and
be there that's like this is the most
important 300 percent yeah so if you use
the word important everything else stops
and I come and do that that way there's
none of the miscommunication of but I
told you how important it was to me
interesting so how did you learn that
through pissing off my wife over and
over and over and finally realizing okay
wait communication is what I do how are
we like missing each other so I just had
the sense we were two ships passing in
the night and so we decided we're gonna
start defining terms like what does that
mean to you like I if she calls me twice
I can ignore it if that phone rings a
third time in a
and this actually happened where I've
ran out of a business meeting like the
houses on fire I'm like I gotta go right
now no explanation out the door because
it we agree if you dial the third time
assume I'm with President Obama and
we're about to make something really
magical happen and that this call forces
me out of the room that's better
it's gotta be like that toughest that
you have she's only done it once just to
give my deal on it then I'm screwed
that's just bad mojo but I've got the
Apple watch now okay good wow this is
fascinating and has there ever been a
moment in your marriage where you felt
like this is taking you away from your
vision or it's not going to work or
challenging times where it made you
question it no but there's definitely
because my wife is in the business if
she wasn't for sure and there for a
while in the company before I was
working more hours certainly than I am
now because I was so terrified that I
would never figure the code out and get
out of you know where we work is my wife
and I started very poor a joke because
her father's very successful down the
streets literally yeah tiny tiny
one-bedroom 700 square feet
she was clipping coupons I mean the
whole nine like we were legit at one
point about 15 years ago I was
scrounging through my couch cushions for
enough change to put gas in my car like
that's where we started so I went
through a period where I was like dude I
need to be successful like it's not just
a one like I for real I don't live like
this so I worked just inhuman amounts of
hours seven days a week I wouldn't let
her take a vacation not a single day for
six years and then finally she was like
this isn't sustainable also Wow yeah now
if you're not working together and
you're you're married and you're working
at different careers or she's not
working with you yeah how do you work
that out I mean if you're you know if
you're working all these hours how do
you communicate in a way that's you're
there for the marriage but also there
for your entrepreneurial dream there's a
lot of entrepreneurs listening that
might have that question of like how do
I manage the balance to make sure that
I'm there for my wife or wife is never
the husband but also going after the
dream and the vision and making it
happen and not sacrifice
I sing that time for the dream that time
of your vision and and feeling like it's
a compromise yeah or a sacrifice I think
it's the same advice for people in
relationships as it is for parents
they've done Studies on this and it
doesn't matter how much time you spend
with your kids to a point obviously if
you're not like spending some time I'm
gonna be a problem but it's not the time
it's the happiness level that you show
when you're together so you're with your
kids five hours a day and you're
miserable you're unhappy you feel lost
you're depressed that's not great for
the kids right they're not going to
establish good relationship with you
they're not gonna have necessarily
positive relationships moving forward
with you know like a daughter wouldn't
necessarily have a great relationship
with a future husband right because
there's the dynamic she's used to with a
male figure in her life is off right
yeah so what they found is this
correlated purely to happiness if you
come in and you're just like oh my gosh
I'm so happy to see you and you're
playing with the kids you're having a
great time
it doesn't need to be a lot of time it
just needs to be awesome quality time
gotcha
so I think the same is true of a
relationship if if when you're with your
significant other you're still playing
on the phone and they've got to get your
attention and they never feel like
they're number one and that so going
back to the marriage question you got to
answer this question the whole point
the only reason in my mind to be in a
long-term committed relationship is how
good it feels to be one person's number
one not number two number one I would
not stay with my wife if I wasn't her
number one and I would encourage her not
to stay with me if she wasn't my number
one yeah like she knows in all the world
no matter how bad it gets we lose the
house the company crumbles everything
goes to hell our families pass away all
of it she's got one person for whom she
is number one she is it nothing is more
important the business means a lot to me
accomplishing what I want life means a
lot to me ending you know metabolic
disease that means a lot to me but it
doesn't even compare to what she means
to me in the way she makes me feel yeah
and if I had to pick and you know she
I've had moments where I've gotten to
prove this to her that is her it's her
all day
so if you're in a relationship with
somebody makes you feel that that's just
a rad
[Music]